//VGP Community Music Playlist for Loki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAPVcsDOU9U //Electric Wizard - Funeralopolis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sXGQ8_Ua5g //Vehemence - God Was Created
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc_SEBcXs1o //Baroness - Isak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5joTyy3CCo //Mega Drive - I Am The Program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6I3urc0asTE //Dark Forest - Earthbound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrFTR9fucr8 //iwrestledabearonce - Tastes Like Kevin Bacon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKXm_la9M1A //Hum - Stars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIZ2NBLC4tc //Bongzilla - Amerijuanican
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSsfjHCFoswht //The Ultimate Doom : E1M1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka9Bd2G7Syk //Sleep - Holy Mountain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuxfQjJ-3DM //The Minibosses - Mega Man 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HC49lgexzmM //Yelle- Comme Un Enfant (Freaks Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdWA-SNcYpM //Iron Maiden - The Clairvoyant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iW1jxJ6ISks //Stoned Jesus - I'm The Mountain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLMPA4xPFpg //Truckfighters - Desert Cruiser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcY3UF6_IaM //Kyuss - Whitewater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfryizBctss //Egypt - Valley of the Kings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRl39K-YupM //Shadrew - Friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqc1yNuFrps //Visigoth - The Revenant King
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy2rXv_z550 //Vehemence - Made For Her Jesus
